[WIP] New package: Frechet Distance (#8284)
CGAL/cgal: Frechet_distance/doc/Frechet_distance/Frechet_distance.txt

- comparing the GPS traces of migrating animals to find the different routes that are being used
- measuring the similarity between movement patterns recorded via motion capture
- perform map matching to match a GPS trace to a transportation network

<center>
<img src="FrechetTeaser.png" style="max-width:30%;"/>
</center>

<!--
\cgalFigureBegin{figRefId,pdist-pkg-small.png}
Here you can put the caption
\cgalFigureEnd
-->

\section secFrechetDistanceAPI API

The main entry points are the following functions and classes:
- The function `bounded_error_Frechet_distance()` computes an approximation of the Fréchet distance between two polylines, up to a given approximation error.
  It returns an interval that contains the true distance.
- The function `is_Frechet_distance_larger()` decides if the Fréchet distance between two polylines is larger than a given bound.
- The class `Frechet_distance::Neighbor_search` stores a set of polylines and offers a query functions to find polylines closer to a query curve than a given bound.

Both functions and the class have as template parameter a traits class defining the dimension and the point type.

> The traits classes have as template parameter a kernel, model of the concept `Kernel`.

Reviewer: Why do you suggest to remove this?

> The traits classes have as template parameter a kernel, model of the concept `Kernel`.

Reviewer 2: it is not true for _d

In case the static constant `Has_filtered_predicates`  of the kernel is `true`, the functions
combine interval arithmetic with a fallback to exact computing in case comparisons of intervals
are uncertain.  This means for `Simple_cartesian<double>` that there are no guarantees, for
`Simple_cartesian<Exact_rational>` that all computations are performed with exact rationals,
and for kernels such as `Exact_predicates_inexact_constructions_kernel`,  `Exact_predicates_exact_constructions_kernel`,
as well as `Epick_d` and `Epeck_d`, the computation is filtered and hence both fast and guaranteed to be correct.

\section secFrechetDistancePerformance Performance

The performance of the algorithm is quadratic in the number of vertices in the worst case.

> For all kernels with filtered predicates the performance is roughly the same, the overhead of using interval arithmetic is negligible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Kernels with filtered predicates have roughly the same performance as others: the overhead of using interval arithmetic is negligible.
```

The algorithm is not concerned by the <em>curse of dimensionality</em>.
The running time increases when the curves are closer or when the bound for the approximation error becomes smaller.

> For a very detailed analysis in practice we refer to the journal paper entitled <em>Walking the Dog Fast in Practice: Algorithm Engineering of the Fréchet Distance</em>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For a very detailed analysis in practice, we refer to the journal paper entitled <em>Walking the Dog Fast in Practice: Algorithm Engineering of the Fréchet Distance</em>
```

\cgalCite{cgal:bkn-wdfp-21}.

\section secFrechetDistanceImplementation Implementation

The algorithms in this package are an adaption of the implementation devised by Bringmann et al. (\cgalCite{cgal:bkn-wdfp-19}
and \cgalCite{cgal:bkn-wdfp-21}). In particular, the implementation can decide non-difficult cases very

> fast while for difficult cases it still has the quadratic running time guarantee of the classical Fréchet
> distance algorithm by Alt and Godau \cgalCite{ag-cfdbt-95}. This is achieved by using fast bounding

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
quickly, while it still has the quadratic running time guarantee of the classical Fréchet distance algorithm
by Alt and Godau \cgalCite{ag-cfdbt-95} for difficult cases. This is achieved by using fast bounding
```

> box filtering methods and a divide and conquer algorithm with pruning rules on the free-space diagram.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
box filtering methods and a divide-and-conquer algorithm with pruning rules on the free-space diagram.
```

\section secFrechetDistanceExamples Examples

> In the examples we use different kernels to illustrate that the functions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the examples, we use different kernels to illustrate that the functions
```

can be used with either inexact or exact kernels.

\subsection subsecFrechetDistanceFirstExample Decision for 2D Polylines

The following example shows how we can use `is_Frechet_distance_larger()`

> to determines if the Frechet distance between two polylines is larger than a given distance bound.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to determine if the Frechet distance between two polylines is larger than a given distance bound.
```

\cgalExample{Frechet_distance/Frechet_distance_2.cpp}

\subsection subsecFrechetDistanceSecondExample Distance Computation for 3D Polylines

The following example shows how we can compute the Fréchet distance up to a given error bound on two
polylines in 3-dimensional Euclidean space using `bounded_error_Frechet_distance()`.

> As we use `Simple_cartesian<double>` the algorithm uses plain floating point arithmetic

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As we use `Simple_cartesian<double>`, the algorithm uses plain floating point arithmetic
```

closer than a distance bound to a query curve.

\cgalExample{Frechet_distance/Frechet_DS_3.cpp}

In the example below, we can see a query where:
- the query polyline is in bold green
- the query distance is 16
- the colorfull polylines are in distance at most 16 from the query and are therefore returned
- the light gray polylines are filtered out early on and no significant computation is performed on them
- the dark gray polyline is not filtered out early on but only later by our exact decision algorithm

<center>
<img src="example_2d.png" style="max-width:30%;"/>
</center>

\subsection subsecFrechetDistanceImageCredits  Image Credits

The character image is a visualization of two data points from the <a href="https://archive.ics.uci.edu/dataset/175/character+trajectories">Character Trajectories</a> data set.

\subsection subsecFrechetDistanceImplementation  Implementation History

An initial version using floating point arithmetic was developed by the authors
while working at the Max-Planck Institute for Informatics in Saarbrücken, Germany.
André Nusser, together with Sebastien Loriot and Andreas Fabri, introduced

> the usage of interval arithmetic and square root extensions to alleviate issues stemming from rounding errors and hence ensuring correctness of the computation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the usage of interval arithmetic and square root extensions to alleviate issues stemming from rounding errors and hence ensure correctness of the computation.
```
